CLOUD-712 improve scaling doc (#56)
percona/k8sps-docs: docs/scaling.md

results in adding or removing the Pods and scheduling them to available
Kubernetes nodes.

Scaling can be vertical and horizontal. Vertical scaling adds more compute or

> storage resources to MongoDB nodes; horizontal scaling is about adding more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage resources to Percona Server for MySQL nodes; horizontal scaling is about adding more
```
